#draft

Rolling bearings, together with gears, are one of the most studied components. They are common components in mechanical design and they allow the relative motion between two or more elements of the machine. Unfortunately, the continuous movement between the parts of the bearing leads to wear phenomena and subsequent failure. The degradation of the bearing conditions can be revealed and monitored analysing the vibration signal produced by the contact among the bearing elements. There are other types of techniques to determine the state of health of the bearings, such as monitoring the temperature or analysing the chemical content of the lubricant, but the vibration analysis is, de facto, the main technique used in condition monitoring, despite the ease with which noise and disturbances may enter in the measurement. So far, thousand of algorithms have been published in literature trying to reject disturbances and to obtain a clear and telltale signal to assess the health status of the bearing [1]. All these publications usually provide results on both simulated signals and real measurements, more rarely on only one of those. It is a matter of fact that the availability of a real test-bench is not so common, and this is proven by the number of scientific papers validated on few on-line available data centres (i.e. the Case Western University) providing real measurement data. On the contrary simulated signals are always available, since they are created on the same software for scientific computing used in the post processing. The main advantage of a simulated signal is to avoid the complexity of a real environment, focusing only on the main contributions the developer decided to include. The main drawback is that a too simple model may be too far from reality, making the proposed algorithm not useful. The foundation of a faulted bearing simulation signal is the model proposed by McFadden and Smith [2–4]. The bearing is modelled as an epicyclic gear, where the inner ring is the sun gear, rolling elements are the planet gears, the outer ring is the annular gear and the cage is the planet carrier. This simple but powerful model allows the computation of characteristics fault frequencies which are the fingerprints of a damage on the bearing. Moreover the model took into account also the modulation effects due cyclic passage of the rolling elements on the load zone. Su and Lin [5] studied the models under variable load due to shaft and roller errors. The ”gearbox” model for the bearings has a main limitation: the contact among the bearing components is supposed to be a pure rolling contact, while some slippery effect is always present due to the presence of the cage. Ho and Randall [6] proposed to model the bearing fault vibrations as a series of impulse responses of a single-degree-of-freedom system, where the timing between the impulses has a random component simulating the slippery effect. The next fundamental contribution to the modelling of bearings came from the works of Antoni and Randall [7, 8]. Starting from the work of Gardner [9], Antoni and Randall proposed to model the vibration signal from a ball bearing as a cyclostationary signal, i.e. a random process with a periodic autocorrelation function. Cyclostationarity better describes the effect of slippery and has paved the way for later development. Most recent developments regard the modelling of the vibration signal in non-stationary conditions [10], i.e. taking into account the speed or load variations in the working conditions of the machine. Unfortunately, as the proposed models have become more detailed the implementation of the algorithms has become more complex. If the model of McFadden could be easily taught in an introductory course at an engineering school, concepts like cyclostationarity and non-stationary conditions are hardly present in advanced courses at engineering faculties. As a consequence, it could be a gap between the theoretical description of a vibration signal and the algorithm implemented to generate that vibration signal on a computer. A wrong implementation leads to wrong simulated signals used to test diagnostics procedures. The aim of this paper is to provide a detailed step-by-step algorithm for the simulation of the vibration signal provided by a faulted ball bearing. The script is developed in Octave environment, an open source high-level interpreted language, primarily intended for numerical computations and quite similar to Matlab. The base of this model is the one proposed by Antoni [11] with few improvements. Details on the characteristics that the model takes into account will be explained in the next sections. The final goal is to start a discussion with the readers to define a bearing model that can be used as a benchmark, recognized by the scientific community. The paper is structured as follows: Section 2 covers the theoretical background of the bearing model and the numerical implementation. Section 3 focuses a numerical example, showing the output results of the proposed algorithm. After the conclusions in section 4, the appendix A lists the script of the algorithm as Octave code.