#writing #draft 
Cyclostationarity encompasses a subclass of non-stationary signals which exhibit some cyclical behaviour. A typical example of a cyclostationary signal is a random noise that is amplitude modulated by a periodic function. A more versatile example is where different periodic modulations envelope each frequency component of the random noise. Cyclostationarity has been shown to ideally fit the property of many rotating and reciprocating machine vibrations, due to the inherent periodic modulations that these sustain during operation [5]. The recognition that a vibration signal is cyclostationary affords much more information than the usual and simplistic assumption of stationarity, since it provides the tools to simultaneously analyse the content of a signal (e.g. spectral content) along with the characterisation of how this content evolves periodically in time (e.g. within the machine cycle).

Cyclostationarity涵盖了一类表现出一定周期性行为的非平稳信号。一个典型的Cyclostationarity信号示例是由周期性函数调制的随机噪声。更多用途广泛的示例是不同周期性调制包络了随机噪声的每个频率分量。由于旋转和往复运动机器在运行过程中固有的周期性调制，Cyclostationarity已被证明非常适用于许多振动信号，这些信号通常包括机器周期内信号内容的同时分析工具（例如，频谱内容）以及如何定期随时间演变的特征（例如，在机器周期内）。与通常和简单的平稳性假设相比，认识到振动信号是Cyclostationary会提供更多信息。

Incipient faults in rolling-element bearings are usually the consequence of a local loss of material (pitting, spalling, corrosion, rubbing, contamination) on a matting surface (inner/outer race, rolling elements). When a rolling surface contacts the fault, this produces a short duration impulse which excites some structural resonance of the bearing or of the vibration transducer itself.3 The repetition of these impacts when the bearing is operating results in a series of impulse responses whose temporal spacing depends on the type of fault and on the geometry of the bearing. Table A.1 in the Appendix gives some typical fault frequencies, from which a diagnosis can be carried out. 

On top of that, the series of impulse responses produced by an incipient fault are possibly amplitude modulated due to the passing of the fault into and out of the load zone. Typically, for a stationary outer race and in the presence of a radial load, an outer race fault would experience an uniform amplitude modulation, an inner race a periodic amplitude modulation at the period of the inner race rotation, and a rolling-element fault a periodic amplitude modulation at the period of the cage rotation. Those modulation frequencies are also passing reported in Table A.1 of the Appendix—see e.g. Ref. [4] for a complete discussion on that topic. 

The above observations are well-known and have led in the past to the proposal of a simple harmonic4 model for the vibrations produced by single localised faults. Namely, let hðtÞ be the impulse response to a single impact as measured by the sensor, qðtÞ ¼ qðt þ PÞ the periodic modulation of period P due to the load distribution,5 T the inter-arrival time between two consecutive impacts on the fault; then the vibration signal xðtÞ was modelled as [14]:

